and so it was when king hezekiah heard
and so it was when king hezekiah heard it that he tore his clothes covered
it that he tore his clothes covered
it that he tore his clothes covered himself with sackcloth and went into the
himself with sackcloth and went into the
himself with sackcloth and went into the house of the law then he sent a like him
house of the law then he sent a like him
house of the law then he sent a like him who was over the household shebna the
who was over the household shebna the
who was over the household shebna the scribe and the elders of the priests
scribe and the elders of the priests
scribe and the elders of the priests covered with sackcloth to Isaiah the
covered with sackcloth to Isaiah the
covered with sackcloth to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amos thus says
prophet the son of Amos thus says
prophet the son of Amos thus says Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble
Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble
Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble and rebuke and blasphemy for the
and rebuke and blasphemy for the
and rebuke and blasphemy for the children have come to birth but there is
children have come to birth but there is
children have come to birth but there is no strength to bring them forth it may
no strength to bring them forth it may
no strength to bring them forth it may be that the Lord your God will hear all
be that the Lord your God will hear all
be that the Lord your God will hear all the words of the rap Chaka whom his
the words of the rap Chaka whom his
the words of the rap Chaka whom his master the king of Assyria has sent to
master the king of Assyria has sent to
master the king of Assyria has sent to reproach the Living God and will rebuke
reproach the Living God and will rebuke
reproach the Living God and will rebuke the words which the Lord your God has
the words which the Lord your God has
the words which the Lord your God has heard therefore lift up your prayer for
heard therefore lift up your prayer for
heard therefore lift up your prayer for the remnant that is left so the servants
the remnant that is left so the servants
the remnant that is left so the servants of King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and
of King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and
of King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and Isaiah said to them thus you shall say
Isaiah said to them thus you shall say
Isaiah said to them thus you shall say to your master thus says the Lord do not
to your master thus says the Lord do not
to your master thus says the Lord do not be afraid of the words which you have
be afraid of the words which you have
be afraid of the words which you have heard with which the servants of the
heard with which the servants of the
heard with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blaspheme me surely
king of Assyria have blaspheme me surely
king of Assyria have blaspheme me surely I will send a spirit upon him and he
I will send a spirit upon him and he
I will send a spirit upon him and he shall hear a rumour and return to his
shall hear a rumour and return to his
shall hear a rumour and return to his own land and I will cause him to fall by
own land and I will cause him to fall by
own land and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land then the
the sword in his own land then the
the sword in his own land then the rapture returned and found the king of
rapture returned and found the king of
rapture returned and found the king of Assyria warring against LeFleur for he
Assyria warring against LeFleur for he
Assyria warring against LeFleur for he heard that he had departed from lakish
heard that he had departed from lakish
heard that he had departed from lakish and the king heard concerning turcica
and the king heard concerning turcica
and the king heard concerning turcica king of ethiopia look he has come out to
king of ethiopia look he has come out to
king of ethiopia look he has come out to make war with you so he again sent
make war with you so he again sent
make war with you so he again sent messengers to Hezekiah thus you shall
messengers to Hezekiah thus you shall
messengers to Hezekiah thus you shall speak to Hezekiah king of Judah saying
speak to Hezekiah king of Judah saying
speak to Hezekiah king of Judah saying do not let your God in whom you trust
do not let your God in whom you trust
do not let your God in whom you trust deceive you saying Jerusalem shall not
deceive you saying Jerusalem shall not
deceive you saying Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of
be given into the hand of the king of
be given into the hand of the king of Assyria
Assyria
Assyria look you have heard what the kings of
look you have heard what the kings of
look you have heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands by
Assyria have done to all lands by
Assyria have done to all lands by utterly destroying them and shall you be
utterly destroying them and shall you be
utterly destroying them and shall you be delivered have the gods of the nations
delivered have the gods of the nations
delivered have the gods of the nations delivered those whom my fathers have
delivered those whom my fathers have
delivered those whom my fathers have destroyed goes an and hey ran and Reis F
destroyed goes an and hey ran and Reis F
destroyed goes an and hey ran and Reis F and the people of Eden who were in
and the people of Eden who were in
and the people of Eden who were in Telesur where's the king of hey math the
Telesur where's the king of hey math the
Telesur where's the king of hey math the king of our part and the king of the
king of our part and the king of the
king of our part and the king of the city of sefar am Hina and IVA
city of sefar am Hina and IVA
city of sefar am Hina and IVA and Hezekiah received the letter from
and Hezekiah received the letter from
and Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the messengers and read it
the hand of the messengers and read it
the hand of the messengers and read it and Hezekiah went up to the house of the
and Hezekiah went up to the house of the
and Hezekiah went up to the house of the Lord and spread it before the Lord then
Lord and spread it before the Lord then
Lord and spread it before the Lord then as a car prayed before the Lord O Lord
as a car prayed before the Lord O Lord
as a car prayed before the Lord O Lord God of Israel the one who dwells between
God of Israel the one who dwells between
God of Israel the one who dwells between the cherubim you are God you alone of
the cherubim you are God you alone of
the cherubim you are God you alone of all the kingdoms of the earth you have
all the kingdoms of the earth you have
all the kingdoms of the earth you have made heaven and earth incline your ear o
made heaven and earth incline your ear o
made heaven and earth incline your ear o Lord and hear open your eyes o Lord and
Lord and hear open your eyes o Lord and
Lord and hear open your eyes o Lord and see and hear the words of Sennacherib
see and hear the words of Sennacherib
see and hear the words of Sennacherib which he has sent to reproach the Living
which he has sent to reproach the Living
which he has sent to reproach the Living God truly Lord the kings of Assyria have
God truly Lord the kings of Assyria have
God truly Lord the kings of Assyria have laid waste the nation's and their lands
laid waste the nation's and their lands
laid waste the nation's and their lands and have cast their gods into the fire
and have cast their gods into the fire
and have cast their gods into the fire but they were not gods but the work of
but they were not gods but the work of
but they were not gods but the work of men's hands wood and stone therefore
men's hands wood and stone therefore
men's hands wood and stone therefore they destroyed them now therefore O Lord
they destroyed them now therefore O Lord
they destroyed them now therefore O Lord our God I pray save us from his hand
our God I pray save us from his hand
our God I pray save us from his hand that all the kingdoms of the earth may
that all the kingdoms of the earth may
that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you are the Lord God you alone
know that you are the Lord God you alone
know that you are the Lord God you alone then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to
then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to
then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah thus says the Lord God of
Hezekiah thus says the Lord God of
Hezekiah thus says the Lord God of Israel
Israel
Israel because you have prayed to me against
because you have prayed to me against
because you have prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard
Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard
Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard this is the word which the Lord has
this is the word which the Lord has
this is the word which the Lord has spoken concerning him the Virgin the
spoken concerning him the Virgin the
spoken concerning him the Virgin the daughter of Zion has despised you
daughter of Zion has despised you
daughter of Zion has despised you laughed you to scorn the daughter of
laughed you to scorn the daughter of
laughed you to scorn the daughter of Jerusalem has shaken her head behind
Jerusalem has shaken her head behind
Jerusalem has shaken her head behind your back
your back
your back whom have you reproached and blaspheme
whom have you reproached and blaspheme
whom have you reproached and blaspheme against whom have you raised your voice
against whom have you raised your voice
against whom have you raised your voice and lifted up your eyes on high against
and lifted up your eyes on high against
and lifted up your eyes on high against the Holy One of Israel by your
the Holy One of Israel by your
the Holy One of Israel by your messengers you have reproached the Lord
messengers you have reproached the Lord
messengers you have reproached the Lord and said by the multitude of my chariots
and said by the multitude of my chariots
and said by the multitude of my chariots I have come up to the height of the
I have come up to the height of the
I have come up to the height of the mountains to the limits of Lebanon
mountains to the limits of Lebanon
mountains to the limits of Lebanon I will cut down its tall Cedars and it's
I will cut down its tall Cedars and it's
I will cut down its tall Cedars and it's choice cypress trees I will enter the
choice cypress trees I will enter the
choice cypress trees I will enter the extremity of its borders to its fruitful
extremity of its borders to its fruitful
extremity of its borders to its fruitful forest I have dug and drunk strange
forest I have dug and drunk strange
forest I have dug and drunk strange water and with the soles of my feet I
water and with the soles of my feet I
water and with the soles of my feet I have dried up all the Brooks of Defense
have dried up all the Brooks of Defense
have dried up all the Brooks of Defense did you not hear long ago how I made it
did you not hear long ago how I made it
did you not hear long ago how I made it from ancient times that I formed it now
from ancient times that I formed it now
from ancient times that I formed it now I have brought it to pass that you
I have brought it to pass that you
I have brought it to pass that you should be for crushing fortified cities
should be for crushing fortified cities
should be for crushing fortified cities into heaps of ruins therefore their
into heaps of ruins therefore their
into heaps of ruins therefore their inhabitants had little power they were
inhabitants had little power they were
inhabitants had little power they were dismayed and confounded they were as the
dismayed and confounded they were as the
dismayed and confounded they were as the grass of the field and the green herb as
grass of the field and the green herb as
grass of the field and the green herb as the grass on the housetops and grain
the grass on the housetops and grain
the grass on the housetops and grain blighted before it has grown but I know
blighted before it has grown but I know
blighted before it has grown but I know your dwelling place your going out and
your dwelling place your going out and
your dwelling place your going out and your coming in and your rage against me
your coming in and your rage against me
your coming in and your rage against me because your rage against me and your
because your rage against me and your
because your rage against me and your tumult have come up to my ears therefore
tumult have come up to my ears therefore
tumult have come up to my ears therefore I will put my hook in your nose and my
I will put my hook in your nose and my
I will put my hook in your nose and my bridle in your lips and I will turn you
bridle in your lips and I will turn you
bridle in your lips and I will turn you back by the way which you came this
back by the way which you came this
back by the way which you came this shall be assigned to you you shall eat
shall be assigned to you you shall eat
shall be assigned to you you shall eat this year such as grows of itself and in
this year such as grows of itself and in
this year such as grows of itself and in the second year
the second year
the second year what Springs from the same also in the
what Springs from the same also in the
what Springs from the same also in the third year sow and reap plant vineyards
third year sow and reap plant vineyards
third year sow and reap plant vineyards and
and
and eat the fruit of them and the remnant
eat the fruit of them and the remnant
eat the fruit of them and the remnant who have escaped of the house of Judah
who have escaped of the house of Judah
who have escaped of the house of Judah shall again take route downward and bear
shall again take route downward and bear
shall again take route downward and bear fruit upward for out of Jerusalem shall
fruit upward for out of Jerusalem shall
fruit upward for out of Jerusalem shall go a remnant and those who escape from
go a remnant and those who escape from
go a remnant and those who escape from Mount Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts
Mount Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts
Mount Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts will do this therefore thus says the
will do this therefore thus says the
will do this therefore thus says the Lord concerning the king of Assyria he
Lord concerning the king of Assyria he
Lord concerning the king of Assyria he shall not come into this city nor shoot
shall not come into this city nor shoot
shall not come into this city nor shoot an arrow there nor come before it with
an arrow there nor come before it with
an arrow there nor come before it with shield nor build a siege mount against
shield nor build a siege mount against
shield nor build a siege mount against it by the way that he came by the same
it by the way that he came by the same
it by the way that he came by the same shall he return and he shall not come
shall he return and he shall not come
shall he return and he shall not come into this city says the Lord for I will
into this city says the Lord for I will
into this city says the Lord for I will defend the city to save it for my own
defend the city to save it for my own
defend the city to save it for my own sake and for my servant David's sake and
sake and for my servant David's sake and
sake and for my servant David's sake and it came to pass on a certain night that
it came to pass on a certain night that
it came to pass on a certain night that the angel of the Lord went out and
the angel of the Lord went out and
the angel of the Lord went out and killed in the camp of the Assyrians
185,000 and when people arose early in
185,000 and when people arose early in the morning there were the corpses all
the morning there were the corpses all
the morning there were the corpses all dead so Sennacherib king of Assyria
dead so Sennacherib king of Assyria
dead so Sennacherib king of Assyria departed and went away returned home and
departed and went away returned home and
departed and went away returned home and remained at Nineveh
remained at Nineveh
remained at Nineveh now it came to pass as he was worshiping
now it came to pass as he was worshiping
now it came to pass as he was worshiping in the temple of miss rock his God that
in the temple of miss rock his God that
in the temple of miss rock his God that his sons etre Moloch and charisse's
his sons etre Moloch and charisse's
his sons etre Moloch and charisse's struck him down with the sword and they
struck him down with the sword and they
struck him down with the sword and they escaped into the land of Ararat then
escaped into the land of Ararat then
escaped into the land of Ararat then Issa hadn't his son reigned in his place
Issa hadn't his son reigned in his place
Issa hadn't his son reigned in his place you